Document automagic metadata via Fusion (#9025)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/explore/build-and-view-your-docs.md

## Set up a documentation job

:::note Upcoming change for Fusion jobs

> In a future update, this setup will no long be applicable for Fusion jobs in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" />. Execution commands (`run`, `build`, `seed`, `snapshot`) automatically trigger metadata generation, so you don't need to add a `dbt docs generate` step or select the **Generate docs on run** option in **Execution settings**.

Reviewer: Changing to future tense:
```suggestion
In a future update, this setup will no longer be applicable for <Constant name="fusion" /> jobs in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" />. Execution commands (`run`, `build`, `seed`, `snapshot`) will automatically trigger metadata generation, so you won't need to add a `dbt docs generate` step or select the **Generate docs on run** option in **Execution settings**.
```

> In a future update, this setup will no longer be applicable for <Constant name="fusion" /> jobs in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" />. Execution commands (`run`, `build`, `seed`, `snapshot`) will automatically trigger metadata generation, so you dwon't need to add a `dbt docs generate` step or select the **Generate docs on run** option in **Execution settings**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a future update, this setup will no longer be applicable for <Constant name="fusion" /> jobs in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" />. Execution commands (`run`, `build`, `seed`, `snapshot`) will automatically trigger metadata generation, so you won't need to add a `dbt docs generate` step or select the **Generate docs on run** option in **Execution settings**.
```

## Set up a documentation job

> This section will not be required for Fusion jobs moving forward. Manually adding a job step that runs `dbt docs generate` and/or using the checkbox in **Execution Settings** will not be necessary as execution commands (`run`, `build`, `seed`, `snapshot`) in platform Fusion jobs will trigger metadata generation automatically.

Reviewer: I think we can add this as a callout:
```suggestion
:::note Upcoming change for Fusion jobs
In a future update, this setup will no longer be applicable for Fusion jobs in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" />. Execution commands (`run`, `build`, `seed`, `snapshot`) automatically trigger metadata generation, so you don't need to add a `dbt docs generate` step or select the **Generate docs on run** option in **Execution settings**.
:::
```
